## Contributor License Agreement ("CLA")

In order to accept your pull request, we need you to submit a CLA. You only need
to do this once to work on any of Facebook's open source projects.

If you submit a pull request to this project and you have never submitted a
Facebook CLA, a GitHub Bot will comment on the pull request asking you to submit
a CLA. Feel free to wait until then to submit it (it only takes a few seconds)
or complete your CLA proactively, here: <https://code.facebook.com/cla>

## Tracking Features and Getting Help

If you'd like to implement new features, check out this projects
[GitHub Issues](https://github.com/osquery/osquery-python/issues). Community
contributions are welcomed and encouraged.

If you want to suggest a feature, you should create a GitHub issue outlining
your feature request.

If you need help, have questions, or want to participate in a forum-style
conversation with the core developers and users of this projects, create an
issue.

Generally, use GitHub Issues for everything.

## Code Formatting

### Lint

#### Running the linter

With the exception of the thrift autogenerated code, all code must be pylint
compliant. After installing `pylint` and/or running `pip install -r requirements.txt`
from the root of this repository, run the following to lint the code:

```
python setup.py lint
```

Once you run that, a bunch of output will come out. The very last thing that
lint should say is:

```
Global evaluation
-----------------
Your code has been rated at 10.00/10 (previous run: 10.00/10, +0.00)
```

If the code rating has dropped below `10.00/10`, please fix the code so that it
is compliant.

#### Adding ignores

Under the hood, `python setup.py lint` just runs `pylint` with a few options
on the relevant parts of the codebase. Sometime, `pylint` is unreasonable. For
that reason, you may ignore specific messages on a file-by-file basis by
adding text like `# pylint: disable=too-few-public-methods` to the top of your
file, right below the license docstring, before any imports.

If you'd like to edit the arguments that `pylint` itself is ran with, edit the
`PylintCommand` class' `_pylint_arguments` property.

Ignoring lint warnings is generally not something you should default to doing.
With great power comes great responsibility.

### Style

Generally, be consistent. We don't have a good auto-formatter configured, so
ensure that the style of you code matches existing style. If you feel strongly
that a given style in use throughout the codebase is egregious, feel free to
submit a pull request with your update and we can discuss it's merits.

We adhere to [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) for style, as
well as [PEP 257](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/) for docstring
conventions. If you notice that the codebase is not compliant with those
specifications, please file an issue and/or submit a pull request with a patch.

### Testing

To run the tests, run the following from the root of the repository:

```
# install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# build the module
python setup.py build

# test the module
python setup.py test
```
